What about Mr. Su? Shouldn't this point be in the office?
Mr. Su went to find Mingguangqi's Mr. Zheng
Said to talk about divestment
I can't stop it
It's not that you don't know that Mr. Zheng killed two female models last month
Not to mention
You must be safe
Hahaha oops
Come on baby
There's still strength
It seems that this medicine is less for you.
I warn you not to come
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude.
Sunan
You're wasting your time here with me
You might as well think about what you should do without the money in my hands
I'll give you a choice.
Sleep well with me
I can consider whether to help you or not.
If you have to go head-to-head with me
The end can be said to be ugly parry
I don't care
Come on, I can't touch your woman with him
Shit
Somebody bring that woman back to me
Get out of here!
Let go of me let go of me
It's me don't run I'm here